Small improvement to UTF-8 docs (#9081)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/references/architecture/components/alertmanager.md

1. After identifying and fixing all affected tenant configurations, check the Mimir server logs again to make sure you haven't missed any tenant configurations.

> 1. To enable UTF-8, set [`utf8-strict-mode-enabled`]({{< relref "./../../../configure/configuration-parameters#alertmanager" >}}) to `true`. You will need to restart Mimir for the changes to take effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To enable UTF-8, set [`utf8-strict-mode-enabled`](https://grafana.com/docs/mimir/<MIMIR_VERSION>/configure/configuration-parameters/#alertmanager) to `true`. You need to restart Mimir for the changes to take effect.
```

1. To confirm UTF-8 is enabled, search for `Starting Alertmanager in UTF-8 strict mode` in the Mimir server logs.

> 1. Any incompatible tenant configurations will fail to load. You can identify if any tenant configurations are failing to load by searching the Mimir server logs for lines containing `error applying config`, or querying the `alertmanager_config_last_reload_successful` gauage for `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Any incompatible tenant configurations fail to load. To identify if any tenant configurations are failing to load, search the Mimir server logs for lines containing `error applying config`, or query the `alertmanager_config_last_reload_successful` gauge for `0`.
```

1. After identifying and fixing all affected tenant configurations, check the Mimir server logs again to make sure you haven't missed any tenant configurations.

> 2. You can now enable UTF-8 by setting [`utf8-strict-mode-enabled`]({{< relref "./../../../configure/configuration-parameters#alertmanager" >}}) to `true`. You will need to restart Mimir for the changes to take effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To enable UTF-8, set [`utf8-strict-mode-enabled`](https://grafana.com/docs/mimir/<MIMIR_VERSION>/configure/configuration-parameters/#alertmanager) to `true`. You need to restart Mimir for the changes to take effect.
```

Reviewer: We try to avoid using phrases like "now" and "will" in the docs to always keep them in the present tense. Also, we use the above format for links instead of relrefs now.

Reviewer: We just use `1.` for every task step in the markdown. This ensures the step numbers always render properly when we add/remove/update steps.

> 3. To confirm UTF-8 is enabled, search for `Starting Alertmanager in UTF-8 strict mode` in Mimir server logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To confirm UTF-8 is enabled, search for `Starting Alertmanager in UTF-8 strict mode` in the Mimir server logs.
```

> 4. Any incompatible tenant configurations will fail to load. You can identify if any tenant configurations are failing to load by searching the Mimir server logs for lines containing `error applying config`, or querying the `alertmanager_config_last_reload_successful` gauage for `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Any incompatible tenant configurations fail to load. To identify whether, any tenant configurations are failing to load, search the Mimir server logs for lines containing `error applying config`, or query the `alertmanager_config_last_reload_successful` gauge for `0`.
```

> 5. You can disable debug-level logging.

Reviewer: This feels like a new procedure rather than a final step in the previous procedure. Are you planning to add instructions for how to disable debug-level logging? At the very least, I would remove this sentence from the ordered list so it doesn't appear like a step in the task.

Author: I haven't changed this line. The reason it's mentioned here though is at the start of the guide it asks the user to enable debug-level logging.
